text: " SECURA INSURANCE COMPANIES Received bv PO Box 819 SEP 3 0 2016 Appleton Vlft 54912-0819 2016 secura.net CIOX HEALTH CONSENT AUTHORIZATION FOR DISCLOSURE OF MEDICAL INFORMATION IDER PROV CARE LTH HEA CLAIM NO W0050718 ANY AND ALL PROVIDERS PATIENT OF NAME NEIL SIEGLE BIRTH OF DATE 10/03/1983 SOCIAL SECURITY NO You are hereby authorized to disclose the medical records of the above-named patient to SECURA Insurance its representatives or attorneys. The purpose of disclosure is in furtherance of claim by a the patient against SECURA and/or its insured. Disclosure shall include all medical records of said patient within your possession or control- records patient your or including records in file obtained from others-relating to treatment examination evaluation and your file obtained from others-relating to treatment examination and consultation including the history obtained X-ray studies physical findings lab tests and reports tests reports diagnosis and prognosis including doctors\' reports hospital records summaries and X-rays any any and all records relating to the patient s medical dental chiropractic psychiatric psychological or of medical care. You are authorized to allow inspection and/or copying of all any other type care. You are to information regarding this authorization and to provide copies of said information. to The patient named above acknowledges that information to be released may include material that is protected by federal and/or state law applicable to substance abuse mental health and HIV AIDS or Aids-related information. Information used disclosed pursuant to this authorization may be redisclosed by the recipient and or pursuant to may will no longer be protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accessibility Act HIPPA . A photocopy of this authorization shall be as valid as the original. The original signed authorization as as is in the possession of SECURA Insurance its representatives or attorneys. in or attorneys. I understand that the health care provider named above whom I am authorizing to disclose my am to my protected health information may not base my treatment payment enrollment or eligibility for not my treatment payment or benefits if applicable on whether I sign this authorization except 1 if my treatment is related to research or 2 if health care services are provided to me solely for the purpose of creating or care are to me purpose creating protected health information for disclosure to third party. a party. I understand that my personal health information disclosed pursuant to this authorization be authorization may be redisclosed and may longer be protected by federal law. My personal health information be no longer be protected by law. personal health may be released to of the following but not limited to experts and consultants other parties in this any of the but not limited to experts and other parties in this matter and their insurers other attorneys representing the parties in thi3 matter and the tribunal court or board hearing this matter mediators arbitrators and any agents employees or representative of them. This authorization is subject to revocation at time by providing written notice to SECURA to revocation at any time by providing written notice to SECURA Insurance and/or the health provider listed above. This authorization js valid until revoked and and/or the health care provider listed above. This authorization js valid until revoked and in any case expires three year s after the date of signature when the claim is settled whichever of signature or when the claim is settled whichever first. occurs The patient named above is entitled to receive of this completed authorization form. entitled to receive a copy of this completed authorization form. /J \' Datedthis 7day Pattent ijatureqP /V Parent or Legal Guardian Signature Minor fchi WCA 0135 0308 Die Created 07/26/2015 DateRinted 07/26/2016 LB064A "
annotations {
  NAME: "NEIL SIEGLE"
  DOB: "10/03/1983"
}

