text: "P- Mioqmu I UnitedHealthcare Saiui.sns f/iedicare dob \' t inve/gQ September 19 2016 Date. /V imp id#/ Center Medicai Harrison Z Attn Health Information Management2 SEP 7SECT 1717 South J Street Mail Stop 01-42 - ooHnw Tacoma WA 98405nw 0 tOo cre iVi Re Request for Medical Records Mu Dear Health Information Management Manager . United Healthcare is conducting a review of the DRG coding submitted for the enclosed list of claims for which United s reimbursement obligation has been met. Cotiviti Healthcare has been contracted by UnitedHealthcare to perform a review of the medical records for services your facility rendered to the patient s listed on the following page s . Cotiviti Healthcare has entered into a Business Associate Agreement with UnitedHeafthcare per applicable Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA privacy regulations as defined in 45C Seel64.03. This agreement allows Cotiviti to access medicai records without additional patient authorization as a business associate for the purposes of payment activities. Cotiviti is an agent of UnitedHealthcare and provides identification and recovery of claims overpayments. We are asking that you forward the portions of the records requested to include the following SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS INC-UDE as applicaole EXCLUDE Sheet Face Consent Forms Discharge Summary and History Physical Duplicate Pages Physician Orders and Progress Notes Nursing Notes Operative Report / Pathology Reports / Anesthesia Reports Consultations Emergency Room Records Radiology / Laboratory / KG Echocardiogram Reports Respiratory/ Ventilation Sheets Medication Administration Record MAR You may submit records in any of the following ways Electronic j Please see attached. Paper You may mail your submission to the address noted below. Please ensure all pages are sent UNSTAPLED complete and legible. Please ensure that both sides erf any two-sided documents are included. Please place a divider sheet between each patients record. Please include a copy of our original record request list so that we can property log your submission. Fax Secure Please fax records to 203-423-1619. Please limit faxed medical records to records less than 75 pages. Please include a copy of our original record request list so that we can property log your submission. Please send all documentation within thirty 30 calendar days of the date fisted at the top of this letter. Payment for copying fees shall be 0.12 per sheet up to a maximum of 25.00 per chart for copying costs. Reasonable shipping and handling costs and sales tax will be reimbursed. We do not reimburse file search fees. Cotiviti will not reimburse for sections of the chart that are not specifically requested. Duplicate and blank pages are not reimbursed. By complying with this request foe supplier of the record accepts the payment terms as outlined herein. To expedite the review send a copy of this letter with the requested patient records to this address UnitedHealthcare Clinical Chart Validation do Cotiviti Healthcare Spring Mill Corporate Center 555 E. North Lane Suite 6120 Conshohocken PA 19428 FAX 877 602-1277 Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. If you have any questions or need further assistance please call 203-423-1119 Monday through Friday between the hours of 8 00 a.m. and 5 00 p.m. Eastern. "
annotations {
  DOB: "September 19, 2016"
}

